docs: document flaky CI runs and re-running failed jobs (#5302)
lima-vm/lima: website/content/en/docs/dev/testing/_index.md

Currently, the Intel version of macOS is used, as the ARM version of macOS on GitHub Actions still
do not support nested virtualization.

### Flaky runs

CI is occasionally flaky, especially the integration tests on the slower macOS runners.
A job can fail for reasons unrelated to the change under test, such as a timeout or a
transient VM or network error.

When this happens, the failed jobs can simply be re-run. Maintainers can re-run them from

> the GitHub Actions UI; contributors without write access can ask a maintainer to re-run the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the GitHub Actions UI; contributors without write access can close and reopen the PR, or push ...
```
